README.md, before:

# DotR
A dotfiles manager that is as dear as a daughter.

## Installation

### Homebrew (macOS and Linux)
```bash
brew tap uroybd/tap
brew install dotr
```

### From Source
```bash
cargo install --git https://github.com/uroybd/DotR
```

### Pre-built Binaries
Download the latest release for your platform from the [releases page](https://github.com/uroybd/DotR/releases):
- **Apple Silicon (M1/M2/M3)**: `dotr-aarch64-apple-darwin.tar.gz`
- **Linux (x86_64)**: `dotr-x86_64-unknown-linux-gnu.tar.gz`

Extract and move the binary to your PATH:
```bash
tar xzf dotr-*.tar.gz
sudo mv dotr /usr/local/bin/
```

## Usage

```
Usage: dotr [OPTIONS] [COMMAND]

Commands:
  init    Initialize the application
  import
  copy
  update
  help    Print this message or the help of the given subcommand(s)

Options:
  -w, --working-dir <WORKING_DIR>
  -h, --help                       Print help
```

## TODO
- [x] Import configs
- [x] Copy configs
- [x] Update configs
- [ ] Templating and variables
- [ ] Actions
- [ ] Symlinking config

Commit message:

refactor!: refactored much of the code.
BREAKING CHANGE: In the config swap `src` with `dest`

README.md, after:

# DotR
A dotfiles manager that is as dear as a daughter.

## WARNING!

This is still pre-alpha. The schema is evolving, performance is sub-par. Use it with caution.

## Installation

### Homebrew (macOS and Linux)
```bash
brew tap uroybd/tap
brew install dotr
```

### From Source
```bash
cargo install --git https://github.com/uroybd/DotR
```

### Pre-built Binaries
Download the latest release for your platform from the [releases page](https://github.com/uroybd/DotR/releases):
- **Apple Silicon (M1/M2/M3)**: `dotr-aarch64-apple-darwin.tar.gz`
- **Linux (x86_64)**: `dotr-x86_64-unknown-linux-gnu.tar.gz`

Extract and move the binary to your PATH:
```bash
tar xzf dotr-*.tar.gz
sudo mv dotr /usr/local/bin/
```

## Usage

```
Usage: dotr [OPTIONS] [COMMAND]

Commands:
  init    Initialize the application
  import
  copy
  update
  help    Print this message or the help of the given subcommand(s)

Options:
  -w, --working-dir <WORKING_DIR>
  -h, --help                       Print help
```

## TODO
- [x] Import configs
- [x] Copy configs
- [x] Update configs
- [ ] Templating and variables
- [ ] Actions
- [ ] Symlinking config
